generally, What I found is that it's so much more easy. Thio Thio. Have
military members do the things that you want than civilians? I think
that there's a long there's there a lot of reasons for this number
one because you're directly in charge off the military persons progression.
Um, maybe you're not directly in charge, but you can control
it. All you have to do is just tell is Chief. That's kind of like
telling the mom or the dad of some kid versus a civilian, and that's
more like dealing with a stranger. Number one. You have no idea who
is boss is. If you do, maybe they're kind of separated. Uh, even if
you did know him like because they're under government obligations,
um, they can't really chastised the person under them the same way
that a person in the military could. So it z not night and day, but
because you're more involved in the leadership structure of the military
person and you can affect them. Ah, lot more. They tend to listen
more, and they tend to be more. We're willing to fight for one team
rather than, uh at the job site just because it's a part of their
their their job